[INFRA-2348] - Create a top-level documentation for the Jenkins Core Release Flow (#9)
jenkins-infra/release: README.adoc

# Jenkins Automated Release Flow

As a part of the link:https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-910[INFRA-910] EPIC,
https://jenkins.io/projects/infrastructure/[Jenkins Infrastructure Team] is working on a new Jenkins Core Release Environment
which would be able to release Jenkins Weekly and LTS versions in an automatic way.
It includes packaging, staging, and releasing stages.

## Jenkins Core Release Environment

The release environment is hosted within the https://github.com/jenkins-infra/openvpn[Jenkins VPN].
It includes a Jenkins instance and a number of other services.
If you are connected to VPN, the Jenkins instance can be accessed using this URL: https://release.ci.jenkins.io/ .

> Helm Chart for the Jenkins Core Release Environment is available https://github.com/jenkins-infra/charts/tree/master/charts/jenkins[here].

Reviewer: Thi link https://github.com/jenkins-infra/charts/blob/master/helmfile.d/jenkins-release.yaml makes more sense as it includes the jenkins chart and the release environlment charts

Author: Will add it before the environment chart sentence

Author: ```suggestion
Chart for Jenkins Core Release Environment environment is available link: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/charts/blob/master/helmfile.d/jenkins-release.yaml[here].
Jenkins master chart for it is available https://github.com/jenkins-infra/charts/tree/master/charts/jenkins[here].
```

## This repository

This repo contains tools needed to release the https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins[Jenkins core] and its components
from the Jenkins Core Release Environment.
The following components can be found here:

* Jenkinsfiles for Jenkins packaging and Release
* Kubernetes POD templates for Linux and Windows packaging environments
* Kubernetes POD template for the release environment
* Release profiles and utility scripts

## Jenkins Packaging

> * WAR packaging is defined winthin the https://github.com/jenkinsci/jenkins[Jenkins core] repository.

Reviewer: https://github.com/jenkinsci/packaging but my PR is not yet merged

Author: Not sure I understand it. WAR package itself is generated within the core at the moment. I can update the doc to reference jenkinsci/packaging as a source of codesigning scripts which run on the top of it

Reviewer: Yes are totally right, jenkinsci/packaging assume that a war file is already "released"

# Jenkins Automated Release Flow

As a part of the link:https://issues.jenkins-ci.org/browse/INFRA-910[INFRA-910] EPIC,
https://jenkins.io/projects/infrastructure/[Jenkins Infrastructure Team] is working on a new Jenkins Core Release Environment
which would be able to release Jenkins Weekly and LTS versions in an automatic way.
It includes packaging, staging, and releasing stages.

## Jenkins Core Release Environment

The release environment is hosted within the https://github.com/jenkins-infra/openvpn[Jenkins VPN].
It includes a Jenkins instance and a number of other services.
If you are connected to VPN, the Jenkins instance can be accessed using this URL: https://release.ci.jenkins.io/ .

> Chart for Jenkins Core Release Environment environment is available link: https://github.com/jenkins-infra/charts/blob/master/helmfile.d/jenkins-release.yaml[here].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chart for Jenkins Core Release Environment environment is available link:https://github.com/jenkins-infra/charts/blob/master/helmfile.d/jenkins-release.yaml[here].
```
